`conditional` & `entity-filter`: add ability to filter through `entity_id` & add `entity-filter` `conditional`'s conditions (#30561)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/conditional.markdown

  description: User ID that can see the card (unique hex value found on the Users configuration page).
  type: list
{% endconfiguration %}

### And

> Specify that both conditions should be met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify that both conditions must be met.
```

```yaml
condition: and
conditions:
  - condition: numeric_state
    above: 0
  - condition: user
    users:
      - 581fca7fdc014b8b894519cc531f9a04
```

{% configuration %}
condition:
  required: true
  description: "`and`"
  type: string
conditions:
  required: false
  description: List of conditions to check. See [available conditions](#conditions-options).
  type: list
{% endconfiguration %}

### Or

> Specify that at least one of conditions should be met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify that at least one of the conditions must be met.
```
